c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\City.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\City.pdb
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\City.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\obj\Debug\City.Resources.resources
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\obj\Debug\City.dll
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\obj\Debug\City.xml
c:\users\general\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\City\City\obj\Debug\City.pdb
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\City.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\City.pdb
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\City.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.Resources.resources
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.dll
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.xml
C:\Users\General\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.pdb
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\City.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\City.pdb
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\City.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.Resources.resources
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.dll
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.xml
C:\Users\GIft\Desktop\City\City\obj\Debug\City.pdb
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\City.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\City.pdb
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\City.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.Resources.resources
G:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.dll
G:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.xml
G:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.pdb
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\City.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\City.pdb
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\City.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\WebGrease.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\EntityFramework.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
H:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.Resources.resources
H:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
H:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.dll
H:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.xml
H:\bluetooth\City\City\obj\Debug\City.pdb
